First version of the doc (#274)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/getting-started/changelog.md

# Releases

## [2.4.0] - 2022-10-20

### Added
- **New dataset warning**: Added new class imbalance warnings.

> - **Pipeline Comparison**: Added a new comparison mode in the pipeline metrics table to compare the metrics on different pipelines.

Reviewer: I know it becomes clear later in the sentence, but might as well mention "pipeline" here.
```suggestion
- **Pipeline Comparison**: Added a new pipeline comparison mode in the pipeline metrics table to compare the metrics on different pipelines.
```

> - **New Smart Tag Analysis**: Added a new plot where smart tags and classes can easily be compared in one view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **New Smart Tag Analysis**: Added a new plot where smart tags patterns over classes can be easily examined in one view.
```

### Changed
- **Renaming**: Some sections were renamed in the UI, such as:
  - Dataset Class Distribution Analysis -> Dataset Warnings
  - Performance Analysis -> Pipeline Metrics by Data Subpopulation
  - Performance Overview -> Prediction Overview

> - **Proposed actions**: a new action was added: `merge_classes`, and `consider_new_class` was renamed to `define_new_class`.

Reviewer 2: The ", and `consider_new_class` ... part looks to be part of what "a new class was added:" is referencing. You could do one of these:
```suggestion
- **Proposed actions**: A new action was added (`merge_classes`) and `consider_new_class` was renamed to `define_new_class`.
```

```suggestion
- **Proposed actions**: We added a new action, `merge_classes`, and `consider_new_class` was renamed to `define_new_class`.
```

```suggestion
- **Proposed actions**: We added a new action, `merge_classes`, and renamed `consider_new_class` to `define_new_class`.
```
(I like the last one best, I think.)

- **Improved Confusion Matrix**: The order of the classes in the confusion matrix is now smarter: classes where the model gets similarly confused will be closer to one another. The rejection class is always the last row/column in the confusion matrix. A toggle allows the user to keep the original order from the dataset if preferred.

> - **Refactoring**: We improved the `MetricsPerFilter` module (which generate the pipeline metrics by data subpopulation table). It now takes ~5 times less time to compute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Refactoring**: We improved the `MetricsPerFilter` module (which generates the pipeline metrics by data subpopulation table). It now takes ~5 times less time to compute.
```

> - **New config fields**: The memory of the dask cluster can now be set to large (12GB) for bigger models. The config can also be in read-only mode, to avoid that users change its values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **New config fields**: The memory of the dask cluster can now be set to large (12GB) for bigger models. The config can also be in read-only mode, to prevent users from changing its values.
```
